PREVIOUSLY
ON "GREY'S ANATOMY"...
HER OR ME.
I NEED HIM TO STOP
TALKING TO MEREDITH.
YOU'RE STAYING WITH HER.
SHE'S MY WIFE.
I BROKE UP WITH DEREK.
SO WHERE ARE WE?
WE ARE A COUPLE.
I KNOW THE RULES,
BUT I DON'T WANT
TO HAVE A RELATIONSHIP
THAT'S SECRET.
BOYS ARE STUPID.
WHAT, YOU GOT A DATE?
YES. YES, I DO.
YOU'RE MARRIED?
TEN YEARS TODAY.
HOW COME I DIDN'T KNOW
YOU WERE MARRIED?
YOU NEVER ASKED.
***
In the eighth grade
MY ENGLISH CLASS HAD TO READ
"ROMEO AND JULIET."
THEN FOR EXTRA CREDIT,
MRS. SNYDER MADE US
ACT OUT ALL THE PARTS.
***
SAL SCAFFARILLO WAS ROMEO.
AS FATE WOULD HAVE IT,
I WAS JULIET.
ALL THE OTHER GIRLS
WERE JEALOUS,
BUT I HAD
A SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT TAKE.
I TOLD MRS. SNYDER
THAT JULIET WAS AN IDIOT.
FOR STARTERS,
SHE FALLS FOR THE ONE GUY
SHE KNOWS SHE CAN'T HAVE,
THEN SHE BLAMES FATE
FOR HER OWN BAD DECISION.
YOU KISSED ME.
YES, I DID.
SHOULD WE--I MEAN...
THERE'S A DISCUSSION
WE COULD HAVE
IF YOU WANTED TO HAVE
ONE BE--
IZZIE, I KISSED YOU
WITH TONGUE,
AND I PLAN TO DO IT
AGAIN AND AGAIN.
GET USED TO IT.
END OF DISCUSSION.
OKAY.
MRS. SNYDER EXPLAINED TO ME
THAT WHEN FATE COMES INTO PLAY,
CHOICE SOMETIMES
GOES OUT THE WINDOW.
GOD.
CONGRATULATIONS.
UH, ON WHAT?
YOUR FELLOWSHIPS.
FIVE APPLICATIONS,
FIVE OFFERS.
DO YOU KNOW
HOW RARE THAT IS?
THIS IS YOUR YEAR.
EVERYBODY WANTS
TO DANCE WITH YOU.
OF COURSE, SEATTLE GRACE'S
FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM IS THE BEST.
OH, YEAH.
YEAH. AHEM.
YOU ARE TAKING
MY FELLOWSHIP, AREN'T YOU?
I... DON'T KNOW.
I-I HAVEN'T MADE
A DECISION YET.
AT THE RIPE OLD AGE OF 13,
I WAS VERY CLEAR THAT LOVE,
LIKE LIFE,
IS ABOUT MAKING CHOICES...
I WOULD NOT WISH THIS
ON ANYONE.
LITERALLY, IT'S LIKE
SOMEONE REACHED IN
AND RIPPED MY GUTS OUT.
BABY, YOU HAD
FOOD POISONING.
I HAD ONE LOUSY
RESTAURANT CLAM.
WAIT A MINUTE,
WHERE'S BILLING AGAIN?
THE BASEMENT.
AND FATE HAS NOTHING
TO DO WITH IT.
WE'RE GOING THE WRONG WAY.
(horn honks)
COFFEE?
OH, THANK YOU.
IT'S DATE NIGHT.
YEAH, IT'S A NIGHT,
UH, WITH A DATE.
YOU FORGOT.
NO.
YES.
YOU WANT TO CANCEL?
NO.
EVERYONE THINKS
IT'S SO ROMANTIC--
ROMEO AND JULIET,
TRUE LOVE, HOW SAD.
OH!
CRAP!
IF JULIET WAS STUPID ENOUGH
TO FALL FOR THE ENEMY,
DRINK A BOTTLE OF POISON AND GO
TO SLEEP IN A MAUSOLEUM...
WHAT...
SHE DESERVED
WHATEVER SHE GOT.
***
(Woman) * NOBODY KNOWS
WHERE THEY MIGHT END UP *
* NOBODY KNOWS
* OH, OH
* SUPPOSE YOU'LL NEVER KNOW
WINDOW WASHER FELL
FROM FIFTH FLOOR SCAFFOLDING,
OBVIOUS OPEN TIB/FIB FRACTURE,
BUT OTHERWISE, OKAY.
EQUAL BREATH SOUNDS.
AFTER A 5-STORY FALL,
HE'S GOT EQUAL BREATH SOUNDS.
IT'S UNBELIEVABLE.
DO YOU WANT TO HEAR?
SOMEHOW, I BELIEVE YOU.
YANG, GET IN THERE
AND PALPATE HIS ABDOMEN.
DOES THIS HURT ANYWHERE?
NO.
YOU FELL FROM THE SKY--
FIVE STORIES--AND YOU
ONLY INJURED YOUR LEG.
(mutters) GEORGE.
NO, DON'T "GEORGE" ME.
A FEW SECONDS EARLIER,
HE WOULD'VE LANDED ON ME.
OKAY,
ROLLING ON THREE, PLEASE.
ONE, TWO, THREE.
EWW.
OH.
ARE THESE FEATHERS?
MY LIFE WAS SAVED
BY THAT PIGEON.
LET'S GET SOME X-RAYS,
AND AFTER THAT,
YOU MIGHT WANNA GET IN THERE
AND LOOK FOR THE REST
OF TWEETY.
THANK YOU.
ESME WANTED TO WAIT UNTIL
TOMORROW TO SEE HER DOCTOR,
BUT SHE HASN'T BEEN ABLE TO KEEP
ANYTHING DOWN SINCE YESTERDAY,
SO I BROUGHT HER IN.
OKAY, MRS. SORRENTO,
YOU HAVE
ACUTE CHOLECYSTITIS,
WHICH MEANS
THAT YOUR GALLBLADDER
MAY HAVE TO COME OUT.
SHE HAS GALLSTONES?
HE WATCHES CABLE.
HE THINKS HE'S A DOCTOR.
I'M GIVING YOU ANTIBIOTICS
AND I.V. FLUIDS TO COOL
THE GALLBLADDER DOWN.
AND THEN I'M GONNA GO
CALL DR. BAILEY,
AND I'M GOING TO SEE IF SURGERY
IS THE BEST WAY FOR US TO GO.
DO YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS?
HONEY, WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOUR FOREHEAD?
NOTHING.
I'VE ALREADY TOLD YOU,
I DON'T NEED AN APPOINTMENT.
I AM NOT A PATIENT.
I AM A FRIEND FROM NEW YORK.
WEISS?
DEREK.
I'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR YOU.
SAV.
HEY, GIRLY.
WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME
YOU WERE...
OHH.
IF I KNEW YOU WERE COMING,
I WOULD'VE TAKEN THE DAY OFF.
WELL, IT'S KIND OF
LAST MINUTE.
IS EVERYTHING OKAY?
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
A MONTH AGO, HER MOTHER DIED.
OVARIAN CANCER.
CATHERINE DIED?
I'M SORRY.
AND SAVVY, SHE'S--I MEAN,
YOU KNOW HOW CLOSE THEY WERE.
I MEAN,
ALL SHE CAN THINK ABOUT
IS THIS BREAST
AND OVARIAN CANCER GENE.
B.R.C.A.
A POSITIVE TEST RESULT
ISN'T THE END
OF THE WORLD, SAV.
IT JUST MEANS YOU HAVE
A GENE MUTATION
THAT COULD--
I KNOW WHAT IT IS.
I'VE TALKED
TO THE GENETIC COUNSELOR,
I'VE BEEN TO MY GYNECOLOGIST,
AND NOW I'M HERE.
ADDIE, YOU'RE THE BEST SURGEON
THERE IS.
TRUE.
(laughs)
BUT THIS ISN'T SURGICAL.
YES, IT IS.
NO, SAV. YOU UNDERSTAND,
YOU DON'T HAVE CANCER?
AND I HAVE NO INTENTION
OF GETTING IT.
SO YOU WANT ME...
I WANT YOU TO TAKE OUT
MY OVARIES
AND THE UTERUS,
AND WHEN THAT'S DONE...
YOU'RE GONNA FIND
THE BEST PERSON OUT THERE
TO CUT OFF MY BREASTS.
BEAK.
CLAW.
WE NEED TO WIDEN THIS INCISION
TO TAKE A BETTER LOOK.
ALL RIGHT.
DOES YOUR LEG HURT
A LOT?
I'M FINE, MAN.
JUST... DO YOUR THING.
IS THERE ANYONE
YOU'D LIKE ME TO CALL?
WHAT FOR?
YOU FELL FIVE STORIES
AND LIVED TO TELL ABOUT IT.
I'D KIND OF WANT
TO SHOUT IT FROM THE ROOFTOPS...
SO TO SPEAK.
IT'S A MIRACLE.
YOU MAY NOT UNDERSTAND
THE MEDICINE OF IT,
BUT A 5-STORY FALL--
YOUR LUNGS SHOULD BE COLLAPSED,
YOUR BACK SHOULD BE BROKEN,
YOUR AORTA SHOULD BE
TOTALLY SEVERED.
GEORGE, ENOUGH.
(Man) OH.
OH.
I'M JUST SAYING,
YOU KNOW,
THERE'S A REASON FOR THIS.
YOU LIVED. WE BOTH DID.
CARPE DIEM, MAN.
SEIZE THE DAY.
ANY CHANCE
YOU COULD MAKE HIM LEAVE?
I REALLY, REALLY WISH
I COULD.
MR. VARGAS,
YOUR LOWER LEFT LEG BONES
ARE SHATTERED.
WE'LL NEED TO GET YOU
INTO SURGERY.
OH, GREAT.
JUST MY LUCK.
BEAK.
COULD I--WOULD YOU MIND?
COULD I KEEP THAT?
MY MOTHER DIED OF IT,
MY AUNT,
MY COUSIN--SHE'S 37--
HAS OVARIAN CANCER.
BUT YOU DON'T.
YOU DON'T HAVE CANCER.
THIS IS CRAZY, SAVVY.
BUT I HAVE THE GENE, WEISS.
WHICH GIVES HER UP TO AN 85%
CHANCE OF GETTING CANCER, WEISS.
AND A 15% CHANCE SHE WON'T.
I'M SORRY. WERE YOU INVITED?
I'M NOT BETTING MY LIFE
ON 15%.
WEISS ASKED ME TO COME.
I THOUGHT IT MIGHT HELP.
HELP WHAT? I'M SORRY, DEREK,
'CAUSE I LOVE YOU
AND I'M REALLY GLAD
TO SEE YOU,
BUT UNTIL YOU GROW A UTERUS
AND WATCH YOUR MOTHER DIE
FROM THIS DISEASE,
YOU DON'T GET--
YOU DON'T GET A VOTE.
DID SHE TELL YOU THEY'RE
TRYING TO GET PREGNANT?
YES, SHE DID.
HAVING A HYSTERECTOMY IS
GONNA THROW A WRENCH INTO THAT.
DEREK, WE'VE BEEN TRYING
FOR MONTHS.
WHY GIVE UP NOW?
COME ON.
WE'VE TALKED ABOUT THIS.
THERE ARE OTHER WAYS
TO MAKE A FAMILY, WEISS.
WE CAN ADOPT. WE CAN DO--
SAVVY, I JUST---
NO. NO! I'M NOT TALKING
ABOUT THIS.
(Derek) LET'S JUST TAKE
A STEP BACK.
ALL RIGHT,
TAKE A DEEP BREATH
AND THINK ABOUT THIS.
I'VE ALREADY THOUGHT
ABOUT IT, DEREK.
THIS...
THIS IS GOING TO HAPPEN.
DR. STEVENS,
GET A COMPLETE HISTORY
AND DO HER PRE-OP LABS.
GET HER SCHEDULED FOR
A DOUBLE MASTECTOMY
AND CONSULT DR. CWYNAR IN
PLASTICS FOR HER RECONSTRUCTION.
DEREK--
ADDISON, THIS CONVERSATION
IS NOT OVER.
SHE IS MY PATIENT, DEREK.
WE'RE DOING A BILATERAL
PROPHYLACTIC OOPHORECTOMY
AND HYSTERECTOMY TOMORROW.
GET MOVING.
(Derek) PROPHYLACTIC SURGERY
IS EXTREME.
(Addison) OH! THIS HAS
NOTHING TO DO WITH YOU.
WHY WERE YOU EVEN IN THERE?
SHE CAME TO ME FOR
A MEDICAL CONSULTATION, DEREK.
I'M HER DOCTOR. ME.
THOSE ARE SOME OF
OUR CLOSEST FRIENDS.
THIS ISN'T MEDICAL
IT IS PERSONAL.
FINE. OKAY.
IF IT'S PERSONAL,
THEN WE SHOULD BE DEALING
WITH THEM AS A COUPLE,
ACTING LIKE A COUPLE.
WHAT? WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
SEE THE RING?
DON'T GO TO THE RING.
THE RING, DEREK, REMEMBER?
WHEN WE'RE HERE AT WORK,
YOU WON'T TALK TO ME,
OR ON THE FERRY WHERE YOU
PRETEND NOT TO SEE ME,
OR IN COUPLES THERAPY
THREE TIMES A WEEK
WHERE WE'RE ARGUING ABOUT
WHETHER OR NOT WE SHOULD BE
IN COUPLES THERAPY--
WHAT ARE WE DOING?
THIS IS NOT ABOUT US.
IT IS.
MEDICINE ASIDE, OUR FRIENDS
ARE GOING THROUGH HELL IN THERE,
AND WE CAN'T EVEN ACT LIKE
WE LIKE EACH OTHER
LONG ENOUGH TO HELP THEM.
WHAT'S THAT OTHER ANIMAL
THAT'S MONOGAMOUS?
I THINK IT'S VOLES.
OH, I KNOW IT'S HARD.
I'M A PINCUSHION.
IT'S OKAY. DON'T WORRY.
I WON'T STICK
UNTIL I FIND A GOOD ONE.
OTTERS MATE FOR LIFE,
YOU KNOW?
EXCUSE ME?
AS DO VOLES, I SUPPOSE.
OKAY, I GOT IT.
HOLD STILL.
IT'S GONNA TAKE A SECOND
FOR THE TUBE TO FILL.
MM, I'VE ALWAYS LIKED OTTERS.
I'VE ALWAYS BEEN MORE
OF A DOG PERSON MYSELF.
(laughs)
SHOULDN'T HE BE
MORE EXCITED?
MAYBE HE'S IN SHOCK.
I MEAN, HE SURVIVED.
THAT'S HUGE.
HE'S GOTTA REALIZE THAT
THINGS HAPPEN FOR A REASON.
OH, YEAH. MY EX-BOYFRIEND
MOVED HIS WIFE TO SEATTLE.
REASON? TO TORTURE ME.
I'M SERIOUS.
SO AM I.
WHAT'S WITH THE HELLO KITTY
ON YOUR FOREHEAD?
I DON'T WANT
TO TALK ABOUT IT.
GEORGE, CAN I SIGN OUT
TO YOU EARLY?
YOU DON'T WANT IN
ON STU'S SURGERY?
CAN'T.
I HAVE A TEST DATE.
BURKE IS TESTING ME.
PLUS, I'VE ALREADY SPENT
AN HOUR PICKING BIRD PARTS
OUT OF THE GUY,
I'M OVER IT.
CARPE DIEM.
I HAVE A GIANT ZIT
ON MY FOREHEAD
AND I'M BEGINNING
TO LOOK HOW I FEEL,
CARPE THAT.
THIS IS THE LUCKIEST DAY
IN THE WORLD.
TELL THAT TO THE BIRD.
THANK YOU.
IS IT THE KID THING?
I SAW YOUR FACE UPSTAIRS.
IT'S THE KID THING
FOR MOST PEOPLE.
AND THE BREASTS.
OH, AND THE TOTAL MENOPAUSE,
LIKE, OVERNIGHT.
IT'S A BIG STEP.
WELL, I THINK IT'S BRAVE.
THANK YOU.
AND, YES, I'D LOVE
TO BE PREGNANT.
I WANT A LOT OF THINGS.
I WANT TO SKYDIVE,
I'D LIKE TO LEARN ITALIAN.
I WANT TO GO SAINT-TROPEZ
WITH MY HUSBAND
AND LIE TOPLESS
ON THE BEACH.
THEY DO EXCELLENT IMPLANTS
AND RECONSTRUCTIONS THESE DAYS.
WON'T EVEN KNOW THE DIFFERENCE,
PLUS, YOU KNOW, YOU'LL NEVER
HAVE TO WEAR A BRA AGAIN.
THAT'S SOMETHING, RIGHT?
ALEX...
DIDN'T I SEE YOUR SERVICE
ON THE O.R. BOARD
FOR A BIOPSY RIGHT ABOUT NOW?
YEAH.
IT'S NOT THE KID THING.
OKAY. WHAT?
IT'S NOT LIKE I HAVE
A LOT OF OPTIONS.
ONE, TAKE MY CHANCES
AND NEVER GET CANCER.
TWO, TAKE MY CHANCES
AND DIE YOUNG.
THERE'S A THIRD OPTION,
YOU KNOW?
OKAY, I'M LISTENING.
TAKE YOUR CHANCES,
GET CANCER,
AND FIGHT LIKE HELL
TO SURVIVE.
UH... THEY'RE BOTH
REALLY NICE.
I KNOW. I BOUGHT THEM.
BUT WHICH ONE'S RIGHT?
FOR WHAT? YOU'RE GONNA
LOOK HOT IN EITHER ONE.
WELL, CLEARLY.
THAT'S NOT THE POINT.
WOW, YOU LOOK HOT.
(whistles)
YEAH, BURKE AND I
ARE GONNA TALK
ABOUT HOW HOT I AM
OVER DINNER.
THIS DATE IS SUCH A MISTAKE.
IT'S EASY TO GET NERVOUS
ON DATES.
IT'S ESPECIALLY HARD
IF YOU'RE OUT OF PRACTICE,
SO YOU JUST GOTTA BE
MELLOW, RELAXED--
I KNOW HOW TO DATE, GEORGE.
I'M NOT YOU.
WELL, I HAVE HER SCHEDULED
FOR THE MASTECTOMY,
AND I GET TO STAY WHILE PLASTICS
DOES A TRANSFLAP RECONSTRUCTION.
I COULDN'T DO IT.
DO WHAT, MAKE YOURSELF
ALL HOT AND SEXY
FOR YOUR BOYFRIEND
LIKE YANG?
GO WRESTLE SOMETHING.
I COULDN'T CUT OFF
MY OVARIES AND BREASTS
JUST BECAUSE I MIGHT
HAVE CANCER.
THINK OF IT LIKE A HAND.
IF SOMEONE TOLD YOU YOU'D DIE
IF YOU DIDN'T CHOP OFF
YOUR HAND, YOU'D DO IT.
EXCEPT WHEN YOU CHOP OFF A HAND,
YOU DON'T KILL YOUR SEX DRIVE,
HAVE SILICONE BREASTS,
GET HOT FLASHES
AND LOSE YOUR ABILITY
TO BEAR CHILDREN.
IF IT WERE ME, I WOULDN'T EVEN
HAVE THE TEST.
I MEAN, WHAT'S THE POINT? WE'RE
ALL GONNA DIE ANYWAY, RIGHT?
IT'S THE HELLO KITTY BAND-AID
ON MY FOREHEAD.
IT'S FREAKIN' ME OUT.
I SAY SLICE 'EM AND DICE 'EM.
WHATEVER. THEY'RE BODY PARTS.
OH, SO YOU'D CUT OFF
YOUR PENIS?
IF IT KEPT ME FROM DYING.
BESIDES...
(closes locker door)
I'VE GOT PLENTY TO SPARE.
***
I COULD DO HOT IN MY SLEEP.
I LOOK HOT IN SCRUBS.
I'M A HOT PERSON.
(sighs)
HE'S SEEN ME NAKED
A THOUSAND TIMES.
BAD, BAD IMAGES
IN MY HEAD.
BUT HE'S NEVER SEEN YOU
OUTSIDE THE HOSPITAL.
THANK YOU.
***
YOU LOOK LOVELY.
THANKS.
OH.
VERY POLITE.
OKAY, GREY, ADHESIONS ARE DOWN.
WHAT NEXT?
PUT IN GRASPERS
TO LIFT THE GALLBLADDER
SO WE CAN DISSECT IT OUT.
GOOD. AND WHAT ARE WE
LOOKING FOR IN CALOT'S TRIANGLE?
THE CYSTIC ARTERY.
THAT'S RIGHT.
WAIT A MINUTE.
WHAT DO YOU SEE?
PORCELAIN GALLBLADDER.
THAT'S NOT GOOD. HMM.
MR. SORRENTO,
WHEN WE REMOVED
YOUR WIFE'S GALLBLADDER,
WE FOUND THAT THERE WERE
CALCIFICATIONS.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
IT'S OFTEN A SIGN
OF GALLBLADDER CANCER.
WE SENT IT OFF TO PATHOLOGY.
SHE HAS CANCER?
I'M AFRAID SO.
WE CAN KEEP HER COMFORTABLE,
BUT SHE'S GOING TO NEED
MORE TESTS TO SEE
WHAT OUR NEXT STEPS ARE.
THIS MIGHT INCLUDE
MORE SURGERY.
BUT THIS--THIS SURGERY
WILL SAVE HER, RIGHT?
THE CANCER
APPEARS TO BE ADVANCED.
THERE ARE PALLIATIVE SURGERIES
THAT WE CAN DO.
THAT IS SURGERIES
TO HELP WITH THE PAIN.
BUT IT WON'T CURE IT.
HOW LONG HAS SHE GOT?
FROM WHAT WE CAN TELL
SO FAR,
SHE HAS ABOUT
FOUR TO SIX MONTHS.
I'M SO SORRY.
I DON'T WANT ESME TO KNOW.
WHAT?
ESME--I DON'T WANT HER
TO KNOW SHE'S DYING.
YOU DON'T WANT
TO TELL HER?
PLEASE... YOU SAW HER.
SHE'S HAPPY.
LET ME TAKE HER HOME.
I DON'T WANT HER TO BE AFRAID
BEFORE SHE DIES.
SHE DOESN'T NEED TO KNOW.
NO, PLEASE, DON'T.
NO MORE CARPE DIEM, MAN.
I DON'T WANT
TO SEIZE THE DAY.
SEE, THAT'S WHAT I DON'T GET.
I'M STANDING HERE,
AND I'M JUST INCREDIBLY HAPPY
TO BE ALIVE.
YOU KNOW, I'M LOOKIN'
AT THE SKY, IT'S BLUER.
FOOD TASTES BETTER.
AND I DIDN'T SURVIVE
A 5-STORY FALL.
YOU JUMPED, DIDN'T YOU?
ALL THE WAY DOWN,
ALL I COULD THINK ABOUT
WAS DAISY.
SHE'S MY EX-GIRL.
SHE WORKS IN THIS HOSPITAL.
PFFT. WHAT KIND OF JOKE
IS THAT?
MAYBE YOU GOT A SECOND CHANCE.
DAISY--YOU GOT TO GO
AND FIND HER FOR ME.
YOU KNOW, TALK TO HER...
TELL HER SHE'S THE REASON
I'M ALIVE.
YOU KNOW, WE HAD A FUTURE.
YOU KNOW, WE HAD PLANS.
WE PICKED OUT
BABY NAMES TOGETHER.
SHE BETRAYED THAT...
WITHOUT EVEN ASKING
MY OPINION...
WITHOUT EVEN GIVING ME TIME
TO PROCESS IT.
IT'S A DIFFICULT TIME,
FOR BOTH OF YOU.
SHE'S EMOTIONAL.
AND HORMONE CHANGES,
MOOD SWINGS...
THEY SAY SHE COULD LOSE
HER SEX DRIVE.
YOU'LL GET THROUGH THIS,
ALL RIGHT?
YOU CAN DO THIS.
YOU GUYS LOVE EACH OTHER.
IS THAT WHAT YOU SAID
ABOUT YOU AND ADDIE?
WHAT?
YOU LEFT HER.
THAT WAS DIFFERENT.
WAS IT, DEREK?
REALLY?
YOU KNOW, I GOTTA CHECK
ON A PATIENT
THEN GET READY FOR DINNER.
YEAH.
I'LL SEE YOU LATER.
SURE.
WHERE'S THE BUTTER?
OH, NO. THAT'S OLIVE OIL.
I WANT BUTTER.
SHOULD I SEND
THE SOMMELIER OVER?
AH, THAT WON'T BE NECESSARY.
UH, WHAT IS A, UM,
NICE, OAKY CHARDONNAY?
OH, I WANT BORDEAUX.
THE CHARDONNAY WILL BE BETTER
WITH THE LOBSTER.
I'M HAVING STEAK.
YOU--YOU EAT RED MEAT?
YOU DON'T?
YOU'RE SERIOUSLY GOING TO
TRY TO FIND THIS GIRL,
HUNT HER DOWN
WHILE SHE'S WORKING?
LOOK...
OKAY, I KNOW IT'S CRAZY,
BUT SOMEONE'S GOTTA
TELL HER HOW HE FEELS.
I MEAN, HE'S ALIVE, RIGHT?
SOMETHING GOOD HAS GOT TO
COME OUT OF THIS.
I MEAN,
THIS COULD CHANGE EVERYTHING.
SEE, I...
I THOUGHT YOU WERE
A ROMANTIC.
"WAS"--PAST TENSE.
(elevator bell dings)
WELL, THIS IS FUN.
HELLO AGAIN.
I LIKE THE HELLO KITTY,
BY THE WAY.
VERY PINK, VERY CHEERFUL.
(elevator doors close)
DAISY WORKS IN BILLING,
WHICH IS WHERE?
IN THE BASEMENT.
OH.
(pager beeps)
YOU NEED SOMETHIN', CHIEF?
I HAVE ONE MORE SURGERY,
AND THEN I'M FREE.
NO, NO.
OKAY.
HAVE YOU MADE
A DECISION YET?
SIR?
THE FELLOWSHIP.
THE SEATTLE GRACE FELLOWSHIP.
I THOUGHT YOU WOULD'VE
ACCEPTED BY NOW.
BUSY. I JUST HAVEN'T
HAD A CHANCE TO FILL OUT--
WE'RE A PRIVATE HOSPITAL,
WE HAVE EXTENSIVE RESOURCES.
YOU'LL GET MORE
SURGICAL EXPERIENCE HERE
THAN ANYWHERE ELSE.
YOU CAN WRITE YOUR OWN TICKET.
WHY AREN'T YOU MORE EXCITED?
NO, I'M EXCITED.
I JUST...
I'M SORRY. EXCUSE ME, SIR.
I JUST--I NEED TO SCRUB IN.
(elevator bell dings)
WHAT?
OH. NOTHING.
YOU KNOW, WE SHOULD
PROBABLY SKIP DESSERT.
I HAVE A--
I HAVE AN EARLY MORNING.
OH. RIGHT.
NOT A PROBLEM.
UGH!
OH, MY GOD. HELP!
IS THERE A DOCTOR IN HERE?
YES!
CALL 9-1-1.
HE SAID HE WAS HAVING HEARTBURN.
I THOUGHT HE WAS JOKING.
IS THERE A PULSE?
YES, IT'S RAPID
AND UNEQUAL.
LOOK AT THIS--
THE LENGTH OF HIS FINGERS.
OH, HE'S GOTTA BE
AT LEAST 6'4". MARFAN'S.
MARFAN'S.
WHAT DO HIS FINGERS
HAVE TO DO WITH ANYTHING?
YOUR HUSBAND IS SHOWING CLASSIC
MARKERS FOR MARFAN'S SYNDROME.
IT MEANS THAT THE WALLS
OF HIS BLOOD VESSELS ARE WEAK.
WE NEED THAT AMBULANCE.
FAST.
HE COULD BE DISSECTING.
WE NEED TO GET HIM TO THE O.R.--
BEFORE HIS AORTA RUPTURES.
MM-HMM.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE?
WE HAVE
A DISSECTING THORACIC AORTA.
WE NEED A C.T. CLEARED
AND AN O.R. READY.
START ANOTHER
LARGE BORE I.V.,
CONTINUE HIGH-FLOW 02,
TRANSPORT SIRENS
AND LIGHTS TO SEATTLE GRACE.
WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?
HEY, HE'S
THE CARDIOTHORACIC SURGEON
WHO'S GONNA OPERATE ON HIM.
AND SHE'S WITH ME.
OH, I DIDN'T--
HAVE YOU BEEN DISCHARGED?
N-NO.
I'M GOING OUT TO DINNER
WITH MY SURGEON
AND OUR HUSBANDS.
SORT OF A LAST SUPPER,
I GUESS.
I KNOW, I KNOW,
NOTHING AFTER MIDNIGHT.
YOU'RE DISAPPOINTED,
AREN'T YOU?
HOW DO I LOOK?
YOU'RE A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN.
AND SO ARE YOU.
IS THAT WHY THIS IS
SO HARD TO UNDERSTAND?
OH...
MENOPAUSE, I KNOW.
THE BOOBS.
BUT THEY HAVE
HORMONE REPLACEMENT,
RECONSTRUCTIONS.
BUT THE SEXY SAVVY...
THE SAVVY THAT GETS NOTICED
WHEN SHE WALKS INTO THE ROOM...
HMM...
THE SAVVY THAT LOVES
TO WAKE HER HUSBAND UP
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT
TO MAKE LOVE...
YEAH, I WONDER IF THAT SAVVY'S
STILL GONNA BE THERE.
HONESTLY, I--
I HAVEN'T A CLUE.
BUT THEN I THINK,
IS THAT WHY WEISS MARRIED ME?
GOD, I HOPE NOT.
COULD THIS PLACE BE
ANY FURTHER AWAY?
IT'S LIKE SIBERIA
DOWN HERE.
THAT'S 'CAUSE
WE DON'T LIKE SICK PEOPLE.
OH.
YOU KNOW, YOU'RE--
YOU'RE IN A HOSPITAL.
UH, ARE YOU DAISY?
I DON'T DEAL
WITH BILLING QUESTIONS
AFTER 7 P.M.
I'M JUST DATA ENTRY
AT NIGHT.
NO, ACTUALLY, UH...
STU SENT ME.
IS THIS SOME KIND OF JOKE?
NO. HE'S IN THIS HOSPITAL.
HE'S HAD AN ACCIDENT.
I'M HIS DOCTOR. HE'S FINE.
WE'RE TAKING HIM
INTO SURGERY.
UM, BUT HE WANTED ME
TO FIND YOU.
WELL, YOU JUST TELL
THAT BASTARD THAT
HE COULD'VE COME LOOKIN' FOR ME,
LIKE, TEN YEARS AGO.
WHAT ARE YOU PISSED ABOUT?
YOU LOOK AT EVERYTHING
IN A SKIRT.
I'D LOOK AT YOU
IN A SKIRT--SHORT,
MAYBE SOMETHING SCHOOLGIRL,
PLEATED.
IF THAT SKIRT DIDN'T HAVE
A PAIR OF BIG, BOUNCING BOOBS
ATTACHED TO IT,
YOU'D STOP LOOKING.
WHEN YOU CUT 'EM OFF,
YOU BUILD 'EM BACK UP.
MAYBE YOU GET TO UPGRADE.
LIFE GOES ON.
IF THERE WAS A GENETIC TEST
FOR TESTICULAR CANCER,
DO YOU THINK MEN WHO TESTED
POSITIVE WOULD HAVE THE SURGERY?
NO. YOU KNOW WHY?
IT'S CASTRATION. WHAT MAN
WOULD WILLINGLY GET RID
OF THE PART OF HIS ANATOMY
THAT MAKES HIM A MAN?
THIS WOMAN
IS HAVING HERSELF CASTRATED,
AND WE BOOK AN O.R.
AND ACT LIKE IT MEANS NOTHING.
IT'S NOT NOTHING.
GOD, HOW CAN YOU POSSIBLY
ACT LIKE IT'S NO BIG DEAL?
I MEAN, WHAT IF IT WAS ME?
IZZIE, YOU'RE FREAKING OUT.
YOU KNOW THAT, RIGHT?
IF I WAS THE ONE
WITH THE CANCER GENE,
IF I SHOWED UP TOMORROW
AND MY BOOBS
WERE MADE OF PLASTIC
AND MY SKIN HAD AGED
TEN YEARS
AND MY SEX DRIVE
HAD DRIED UP--
IF IT WAS ME, ALEX, WOULD YOU BE
SO FINE WITH IT THEN?
YEAH.
YOU'D BE REALLY HOT
TO KISS ME WITH TONGUE THEN,
WOULDN'T YOU?
DR. BAILEY'S SCRUBBING IN,
SO WE'RE GONNA GET STARTED.
OKAY. HEY, GEORGE.
LISTEN, UH,
DID YOU FIND HER?
I'M VERY SORRY, STU.
THEY SAID SHE WAS
ON VACATION.
OH, YEAH?
MAYBE HER PARENTS.
I BET YOU SHE WENT UP
TO NEW HAMPSHIRE.
THAT'S WHERE SHE'S FROM.
I'M GONNA PUSH
THE JOY JUICE.
OOH. UP, UP AND AWAY.
MAYBE YOU CAN SEE HER
AFTER YOUR SURGERY.
YOU KNOW, WHEN YOU RECOVER.
MAYBE THEN.
IT'S ALL GOOD, MAN.
THANKS FOR TRYIN'.
IT REALLY MEANT A LOT--
(monitor beeping)
HOLD ON, GUYS.
THERE'S A PROBLEM.
HE'S CRASHING?
DR. BAILEY.
O'MALLEY, START C.P.R.
(Miranda) PUSH EPI.
(monitor emitting
continuous tone)
YOU'LL NEED TO NOTIFY
THE FAMILY.
WHAT HAPPENED?
THERE'LL BE AN AUTOPSY.
SOMETIMES, PEOPLE GET ON
THE TABLE, AND THEY JUST DIE.
THERE'S NO WAY
OF KNOWING BEFOREHAND,
NO WAY OF CONTROLLING IT.
BUT HE FELL FIVE STORIES
AND LIVED.
IT DOESN'T MAKE ANY SENSE.
HE SURVIVED SO I COULD GO
AND FIND DAISY,
AND THEN SHE DIDN'T EVEN
WANT TO SEE HIM,
SO WHAT'S THE POINT?
WE'RE ALL PART OF
THE COSMIC JOKE, O'MALLEY.
NOW LEAVE ME ALONE.
OKAY.
OH, DR. BAILEY.
WHAT?
MR. SORRENTO
DOESN'T WANT ME
TO TELL HIS WIFE
THAT SHE'S DYING.
YOU HAVEN'T TOLD HER YET?
NO.
OKAY, I DIDN'T HEAR YOU
SAY THAT.
YOU'RE HER DOCTOR.
IT'S YOUR RESPONSIBILITY
TO GIVE YOUR PATIENTS
THE INFORMATION NECESSARY
TO MAKE AN INFORMED DECISION.
NOW I'M HUNGRY,
I'M TIRED,
AND YOU'RE IN MY WAY.
CAN YOU SEE THE ECHO
FROM HERE?
THAT DISSECTION
ISN'T SUBTLE.
DID YOU SEE THAT WINGSPAN...
AND THE PECTUS CARINATUM?
WHAT ABOUT HIS PALATE?
THE DEFINITION
OF HIGH-ARCHED.
YOU'RE BEING WOOED,
AREN'T YOU?
EXCUSE ME?
THE FELLOWSHIP.
L.A. MED, CHICAGO CENTRAL--
THEY'RE WOOING YOU.
I MEAN,
YOU'RE FIELDING OFFERS,
YOU'RE LOOKING
AT BONUS PACKAGES.
YOU'RE LETTING YOURSELF
BE WOOED.
NO, CHIEF, I--
NO, IT'S--IT'S FINE.
IT'S FINE.
GO BE A HOTSHOT
SOMEWHERE ELSE.
BUT TELL ME...
HOW COULD YOU DO THIS
TO ME?
I MEAN...
YOU KNOW, I'M HURT.
REALLY HURT.
AFTER ALL I'VE DONE
FOR YOU.
YOU'RE GIFTED
AND YOU'RE UNGRATEFUL,
AND THAT'S ALL I'M SAYING.
I'M PREGNANT,
YOU BLIND MORON.
YOU'RE WHAT?
MY HEART RATE IS 110,
I'M BURNING
3,000 CALORIES A DAY,
MY LEGS ARE SWOLLEN,
I'VE GOT INDIGESTION
AND GAS.
DID YOU KNOW THAT CARRYING
A BOY IN YOUR UTERUS
MEANS YOU BURN 10% MORE CALORIES
THAN IF YOU HAD A GIRL?
GUESS WHAT I'M CARRYIN'.
I TRY FOR SEVEN DAMN YEARS,
AND A MONTH BEFORE
MY FELLOWSHIP NOTIFICATIONS,
THE STICK TURNS BLUE.
MEN.
FROM THE VERY BEGINNING,
THEY JUST SUCK THE LIFE
RIGHT OUT OF YOU.
I'M NOT LEAVING.
I'M PREGNANT.
UM...
CONGRATULATIONS.
DR. YANG...
YOU'RE HANDLING
THE SAW.
THANK YOU, DR. BURKE.
(under breath) YOU WON'T
LET ME PICK THE WINE,
BUT THIS YOU'LL LET ME DO?
(laughs) ARE WE ALL SET
FOR BYPASS?
ALMOST THERE.
(saw whirring)
SO... APPARENTLY WE BOTH
LIVE ON THIS ELEVATOR.
MEREDITH...
YOU KNOW, YOU COULD AT LEAST
ACKNOWLEDGE I EXIST.
(bell dings)
HELLO, DR. GREY.
HELLO.
ARE YOU READY TO GO?
I WAS ON MY WAY.
WELL, IT TOOK THREE HOURS,
BUT THE SURGERY
WENT PERFECTLY.
ALL WE HAVE TO DO NOW IS WAIT
AND SEE HOW HE'S DOING
WHEN HE WAKES UP.
WHY DID THIS HAPPEN?
ALMOST EVERY PATIENT
WITH MARFAN'S
HAS AN AORTA THAT FAILS.
IT'S JUST A MATTER OF WHEN.
I GUESS IT'S LUCKY YOU TWO
WERE HAVING DINNER
AT THE NEXT TABLE.
IT WAS.
TAKE CARE.
AND WE CAN TREAT IT
WITH SURGERY AND CHEMO.
BUT...
WE'RE SUPPOSED TO GO TO VENICE
AT THE END OF THE MONTH.
DO YOU KNOW THE STORY?
NO.
OH, THEY SAY IF YOU RIDE
A GONDOLA
UNDER THE BRIDGE OF SIGHS,
YOU'RE TOGETHER
FOR ETERNITY.
YOU DIDN'T TELL JED,
DID YOU?
EXCUSE ME?
HE'S ALWAYS BEEN SO WORRIED
THAT I'D GO FIRST.
YOU DON'T WANT HIM
TO KNOW?
YOU'RE YOUNG.
I DON'T EXPECT YOU
TO UNDERSTAND
AN OLD BROAD LIKE ME.
YOU CAN'T HAVE A RELATIONSHIP
BUILT ON A LIE.
CAN YOU?
OH, HONEY, IT'S NOT A LIE.
IT'S OUR FUTURE.
I'VE BEEN WITH THE LOVE
OF MY LIFE FOR 60 YEARS.
AND NOW I'M DYING.
WE'RE GOING TO VENICE.
WE'RE GETTIN' IN THAT GONDOLA.
(boat horn blows)
WHEN ADDIE TOLD ME
SHE WAS COMING OUT HERE,
I HAD SUCH A GOOD FEELING.
YOU GUYS ARE GONNA MAKE IT.
YOU WERE ALWAYS MEANT TO BE.
YEAH, A COUPLE OF CLAMS
ON THE HALF SHELL.
A COUPLE OF PEAS IN A POD.
WE'RE STILL WORKING ON
THE POD PART.
IT'S ABOUT CHOICES.
WELL, HERE'S TO TAKING LIFE
IN YOUR OWN HANDS.
CHEERS. CHEERS.
CHEERS.
YEAH, AND HERE'S TO BULL
AND HERE'S TO CRAP.
AND HERE'S TO OOPHORECTOMY...
(Savvy) OH, GOD.
HYSTERECTOMY,
DOUBLE BILATERAL MASTECTOMY.
PLEASE STOP.
HOW SMART AM I
TO KNOW ALL THOSE WORDS?
STOP.
HERE'S TO
BREAST RECONSTRUCTION,
NIPPLE RECONSTRUCTION.
HERE'S TO LOSING YOUR WIFE.
HERE'S TO BEING THE ASS
WHO CAN'T BE SUPPORTIVE.
HERE'S TO THAT.
AHH.
***
WEISS.
DON'T TALK TO ME.
KEEP WALKING.
YOU SHOULD GET SOME SLEEP,
SOBER UP,
SO YOU'RE READY
FOR SAVVY'S SURGERY.
COME ON. I'LL DRIVE YOU.
OH...
I'M SUPPOSED TO HOLD HER HAND
WHILE THEY RIP HER APART?
THAT'S THE DEFINITION
OF LOVE?
YOU CAN DO THIS.
MAYBE I CAN'T.
MAYBE I'M JUST A GUY
WHO LIKES TO SCREW HIS WIFE.
WEISS...
THAT'S WHAT SHE'LL THINK
IF I'M NOT THERE.
THEN YOU'RE GONNA BE THERE.
(chuckles)
THIS IS COMIN' FROM A GUY
WHO PACKED HIS BAGS
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT
AND DROVE 3,000 MILES
TO LIVE IN A TRAILER.
YEAH, WELL. WHAT AM I DOIN'
WITH ADDISON NOW?
HMM?
I'M TRYIN' TO WORK IT OUT.
I DON'T KNOW,
AM I OUT OF MY MIND?
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU TELL ME.
IT'S ABOUT THE RING.
IT'S ABOUT THE VOWS.
SAVVY DIDN'T SCREW AROUND
WITH YOU WITH YOUR BEST FRIEND.
AND SHE'S LOOKING FOR SUPPORT.
IF YOU DON'T GIVE THAT
TO HER NOW,
IF YOU DON'T GIVE HER
THAT SUPPORT,
THEN WHAT THE HELL
AM I DOING?
YOU DIDN'T TELL HER,
DID YOU?
NO. I DIDN'T TELL HER.
I THOUGHT HE CHEATED FATE.
MAYBE HE DID CHEAT FATE.
HE DIED.
I THINK YOU CAN'T WAIT
FOR SOMEONE
TO FLY UNDERNEATH YOU
AND SAVE YOUR LIFE.
I THINK YOU HAVE TO
SAVE YOURSELF.
DO YOU MEAN THE PIGEONS
AREN'T GOING TO COME?
THE PIGEONS AREN'T GOING
TO COME.
HOLD STILL.
(both laughing)
COME ON. MAKE SURE
YOU GET BOTH SIDES.
OKAY.
YOU KNOW THESE ARE GONNA BE
NEXT YEAR'S HOLIDAY CARDS.
I WANT 'EM TO BE IMMORTALIZED
BEFORE THEY'RE GONE.
AND THIS WAY WEISS GETS TO
LOOK AT 'EM WHENEVER HE WANTS.
THESE ARE GONNA BE GREAT.
WE'RE SCHEDULED
TO GO IN AT 8?
YEAH.
I'M GONNA TAKE YOU DOWN
TO THE PRE-OP
IN JUST A FEW MINUTES.
WEISS WILL SHOW UP, ADDIE.
HE ALWAYS DOES.
SAV...
AS YOUR DOCTOR, YOU KNOW
I'M 100% ON YOUR SIDE,
BUT AS YOUR FRIEND,
ARE YOU ABSOLUTELY SURE
ABOUT THIS?
(sighs)
I KNOW WHAT I'M LOSING.
I GET IT.
BUT THINK ABOUT
WHAT I'M GAINING--
MY LIFE.
THIS GIVES ME A SHOT--
A SHOT AT THE FUTURE,
AT SHOT AT ME AND WEISS
BECOMING THIS CRAZY,
OLD WRINKLED COUPLE
THAT ARGUES ALL THE TIME.
I MEAN...
WOULDN'T YOU WANT THAT?
A CHANCE TO GROW OLD
WITH DEREK?
YEAH.
YEAH, I DO.
OH, GOD.
SAV, SAV.
MAYBE ROMEO AND JULIET
WERE FATED TO BE TOGETHER,
BUT JUST FOR AWHILE,
AND THEN THEIR TIME PASSED.
IF THEY COULD'VE
KNOWN THAT BEFOREHAND,
MAYBE IT ALL
WOULD'VE BEEN OKAY.
HERE'S THE THING.
I LIKE YOUR RACK.
GOD, WHAT IS WRONG
WITH YOU?
WHY DO YOU HAVE TO BE SO--
GOD, WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?!
I LIKE YOUR RACK,
AND I'D WANT THEM AROUND
IF I COULD HAVE THEM,
TRUST ME, I WOULD.
BUT IT WOULDN'T BE
THE END OF THE WORLD
IF YOU GOT RID OF THEM.
BECAUSE REALLY...
I'D WANT YOU.
OW.
WHAT WAS THAT FOR?
I TOLD MRS. SNYDER
THAT WHEN I WAS GROWN-UP,
I'D TAKE FATE
INTO MY OWN HANDS.
I WOULDN'T LET SOME GUY
DRAG ME DOWN.
MRS. SNYDER SAID
I'D BE LUCKY
IF I EVER HAD THAT KIND
OF PASSION WITH SOMEONE,
AND THAT IF I DID,
WE'D BE TOGETHER FOREVER.
I GUESS WE NEVER REALLY
GOT OUR DATE.
ARE YOU KIDDING?
THAT WAS THE BEST DATE
I'VE EVER BEEN ON.
***
EVEN NOW I BELIEVE THAT,
FOR THE MOST PART,
LOVE IS ABOUT CHOICES.
(Derek) HEY.
HE'S NOT COMING, IS HE?
(Savvy) OKAY, OKAY.
YOU'RE SHAKING.
YOU'RE HERE.
IT'S ABOUT PUTTING DOWN
THE POISON AND THE DAGGER
AND MAKING YOUR OWN
HAPPY ENDING...
MOST OF THE TIME...
I'M GONNA GO AHEAD
AND GET STARTED NOW.
YOU READY?
YEAH...
READY.
AND THAT SOMETIMES,
DESPITE ALL YOUR BEST CHOICES
AND ALL YOUR BEST INTENTIONS,
FATE WINS ANYWAY.
I MISS YOU.
I CAN'T.